
Software Requirements Specification
Product – Online shop website
Team Kilgharrah

1.	Introduction
1.1	Purpose
This document provides an overview of an Online shopping website from a functional perspective, highlights some technical considerations relating to the application, and also highlights some technical and organizational implementation issues.

1.2	Scope
The scope of this project is description of existing Online shopping website www.most.bg. “Team Kilgharrah” will describe www.most.bg , its registration and login process, sale and compare functionalities, forum and news sections. 
It provides an effective approach to represent business of selling products and communication with existing and new customers.

1.3	Overview
The rest of this document contains the overall description of the Online shopping website and the specific requirements for the system.



2.	Overall Description
2.1	Product Perspective
Most.bg is an existing website. Customers / Buyers are the end users of system. Access is via internet, using any conventional web browser. The user interface is intuitive and logical and requires no training. The online shop is running on dedicated webserver available 24/7 hosted by the software provider.

2.2	Product functions
2.2.1	Offers monitor and control of user registration: 
Website most.bg is brand representative and selling website for MOST Computers company. Registration is one of basic functionalities allowing site administrator to monitor and control registration of users. The effectiveness of website monitor and control of user registration functionality supports other site functionalities. For example, unregister user cannot use other functionalities, like shopping and monitoring specific products. This feature allows MOST Computers company: to give and revoke access for users, depending on their behavior; to monitor user activity and purchasing habits; to see what interests user and what content to show him. 

2.2.2	Offers registration functionalities for end users
Registration functionality also allows customers to register as users in website. Registering to website provides to user more functionality to site, besides read-only. Registering as website users allows customers to have own user account with information regarding their personal data, orders, payments and deliveries, favorite products, etc.

2.2.3	Shopping functionalities: 
Shopping function is one of main function of website. Online cart module provide functionalities to add, remove and edit items in cart, payment options and delivery tracking.

2.2.4	Forum Functionalities: 
As register user, each customer have the option to post questions in forum and answer to other user questions.

2.2.5	Search and Filter Functionalities: 
Search and Filter Functionalities help customer to find product he is looking for easier. Search is very useful functionality, as shop has great amount of products. User has possibility to filter products by categories.


2.3	Constraints 
The following are the constraints:
•	The documentation and testing project must be completed within the budget
•	The documentation and testing project must be completed within a specified period of time.
•	The website should be up 24/7.
•	The website should enforce user authentication security and guarantee reliability.
2.4	Assumptions and dependencies
Direct customers/companies already having prior IT knowledge will be targeted, as they are more often to search for high quality computer systems from upper price range. This would lead to the faster growth of sales as they can create great revenue.
